Welcome Mr. Fan home
Are these people very discerning?
I didn't get this treatment the first time I came.
What's wrong, Omori?
Nothing.
Just thinking of going in and out of here a lot in the future
Happy to think about it
I'm Omori too
Oh, dear.
Miss Fan Chuchu, thank goodness, come over quickly
Chu Chu, this is the assistant of the company
Su Wanqing has seen it several times
Due to the busy work recently
So I brought him here.
Help me with my work.
Assistant Su
You take Miss Chu Chu here to familiarize yourself with the environment
I go to the bathroom
Ok Mr. Fan
Miss Chuchu
I'll take you on a tour first. What do you call me, miss?
The other servants call me Mrs. Fan
You actually call me miss
Yes, you are now madam.
I warn you not to play Omori's mind
Don't think about anything.
Flying up the branches and becoming a phoenix
Do you know how long I have been in a relationship with him?
My feelings for him have not been repelled by a terminal illness
I didn't expect you to love me so much
What are you pretending to be pitiful here?
Omori is not here
What's up?
Ah, nothing.
It's okay, junior year, let's go, let's go, I'll take you for a walk
Wow, Omori, your home is really beautiful.
Humph